c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ControlesEfos\ControlesEfos\obj\Release\ControlesEfos.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ControlesEfos\ControlesEfos\obj\Release\ControlesEfos.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ControlesEfos\ControlesEfos\bin\Release\ControlesEfos.dll
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ControlesEfos\ControlesEfos\bin\Release\ControlesEfos.pdb
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ControlesEfos\ControlesEfos\obj\Release\ControlesEfos.dll
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ControlesEfos\ControlesEfos\obj\Release\ControlesEfos.pdb
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ControlesEfos\ControlesEfos\obj\Release\ControlesEfos.efosButtonEstado.resources
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ControlesEfos\ControlesEfos\obj\Release\ControlesEfos.efosButton.resources
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ControlesEfos\ControlesEfos\obj\Release\ControlesEfos.efosLetrero.resources
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ControlesEfos\ControlesEfos\obj\Release\ControlesEfos.efosLetreroCodigo.resources
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ControlesEfos\ControlesEfos\obj\Release\ControlesEfos.efosLetreroDescripcion.resources
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ControlesEfos\ControlesEfos\obj\Release\ControlesEfos.efosLetreroEstado.resources
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ControlesEfos\ControlesEfos\obj\Release\ControlesEfos.efosCampo.resources
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ControlesEfos\ControlesEfos\obj\Release\ControlesEfos.efosLetreroFecha.resources
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ControlesEfos\ControlesEfos\obj\Release\ControlesEfos.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ControlesEfos\ControlesEfos\obj\Release\ControlesEfos.efosCampoCodigo.resources
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ControlesEfos\ControlesEfos\obj\Release\ControlesEfos.efosButtonSalir.resources
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ControlesEfos\ControlesEfos\obj\Release\ControlesEfos.efosButtonBuscador.resources
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ControlesEfos\ControlesEfos\obj\Release\ControlesEfos.efosCheck.resources
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ControlesEfos\ControlesEfos\obj\Release\ControlesEfos.efosButtonSeleccionar.resources
C:\Users\Carlos\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ControlesEfos\ControlesEfos\obj\Release\ControlesEfos.efosDataGridView.resources
C:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ControlesEfos\ControlesEfos\obj\Release\ControlesEfos.efosTabControl.resources
C:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ControlesEfos\ControlesEfos\obj\Release\ControlesEfos.efosImage.resources
C:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ControlesEfos\ControlesEfos\obj\Release\ControlesEfos.efosCombo.resources
C:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ControlesEfos\ControlesEfos\obj\Release\ControlesEfos.efosPanel.resources
C:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ControlesEfos\ControlesEfos\obj\Release\ControlesEfos.efosList.resources
C:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ControlesEfos\ControlesEfos\obj\Release\ControlesEfos.efosButtonNuevo.resources
C:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ControlesEfos\ControlesEfos\obj\Release\ControlesEfos.efosButtonProcesar.resources
C:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ControlesEfos\ControlesEfos\obj\Release\ControlesEfos.efosButtonCancelar.resources
C:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ControlesEfos\ControlesEfos\obj\Release\ControlesEfos.efosButtonBuscar.resources
C:\Users\Carlos\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ControlesEfos\ControlesEfos\obj\Release\ControlesEfos.efosGroupBox.resources
